{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cambria;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
{\info
{\author Zack Cerny}
{\*\company CRI}}\vieww24780\viewh19560\viewkind1\viewscale150
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 CRI NEW HIRE CODING TEST\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\f0\b \cf0 REQUIREMENTS: \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\f0 \cf0 Code out the included PSD, following the instructions for any animations that are on the page. 
\b \cf2 THE SITE MUST BE RESPONSIVE
\b0 \cf0 . There is no responsive layout designed, but it is fairly self-explanatory on how to handle it (everything in a single column).\
\
The 
\b \cf2 site must use the included grid
\b0 \cf0 . This grid is one that we use in-house to develop our sites.\
\
LESS is preferred; SASS or regular CSS is fine (the grid has a compiled out version if needed).\
\
Other than what we provide, you must use your own code for this test. You are not allowed to use any plugins. \
\
Assets may be found in the _assets folder. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\b \cf0 GRID INFORMATION:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\f0 \cf0 The grid is a 12 column semantic grid. What this means is that instead of declaring columns and column sizes inside of the HTML, you declare them inside of the LESS file using a mixing. For example,\
\
HTML:  \
\
<div class=\'93container\'94>\
	<div class=\'93row\'94>\
		<div class=\'93content\'94> </div>\
	</div>\
	\
	<div class=\'93row\'94>\
		<div class=\'93contentOffset\'94></div>\
	</div>\
</div>
\b\fs20 \
\

\b0\fs24 LESS:\
\
.content \{\
      .columns(12);\
\}\
\
\
\
.contentOffset \{\
    .columns(11);\
    .offset(1);\
\}\
\
Notice that for an offset you must add an additional column to make up for it. So, for example, a 10 column offset-by-one element will have a .columns(11) and a .offset(1).
\b\fs20 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\f1 \cf0 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 INSTRUCTIONS:\
\
Section 1: Header\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\f0 \cf0 The header is a 
\b full-screen width/height
\b0 . The background must fit.\
\uc0\u8232 On page load, the intro text (
\b CRI NEW HIRE) 
\b0 should fade in.\
\
The scroll arrow should use font-awesome 
\i (included in the boilerplate) 
\i0 for the down arrow. 
\b (bonus: do a continuous \'91bounce\'92 animation on the arrow)
\f1\b0 \

\f0 The top bar should be fixed.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\f1 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\b\fs20 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 SECTION 2 (CIRCLES):\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0 \cf0 Upon scrolling down to the second section, 
\b animate in each circle one at a time. 
\b0 The animation is a 
\b bounce up from the bottom
\b0  animation. \
\
The circles must be built using CSS and background-image, you may not just save them out as images.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\b \cf0 ON HOVER
\b0 :\
One circle must go gray scale\
One circle must darken\
One circle must have a sepia tone applied to it\
\
\

\b SECTION 3 (CHARTS):\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0 \cf0 Section 3 is an 
\b optional
\b0  section. You must use the supplied SVG to animate the charts.\
\
The animation is to 
\b animate each bar up one at a time, and fade in the numbers at the end.
\b0  The charts should each do this animation one at a time. (So chart 1 animates, finishes, chart 2 animates, finishes, etc.)\
\
If you do not choose to animate the charts than just include them on the page like in the design.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\b \cf0 WHEN YOU ARE DONE:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0 \cf0 When you are done do one of two things:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 1.	Upload the site files to dropbox and send a link to zack.cerny@corporatereport.com
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0 \cf0 2.	Push the files to a GIT repo and send a link to zack.cerny@corporatereport.com
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \
\
\
}